---
layout: page
title: Publications
---

1. Maciej Malawski, Kamil Figiela, and Jarek Nabrzyski. Cost minimization for computational applications on hybrid cloud infrastructures. *Future Generation Computer Systems*, 29(7):1786--1794, 9 2013. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.future.2013.01.004)
1. M. Malawski, K. Figiela, M. Bubak, E. Deelman, and J. Nabrzyski. Cost optimization of execution of multi-level deadline-constrained scientific workflows on clouds. In Roman Wyrzykowski, Jack Dongarra, Konrad Karczewski, and Jerzy Waśniewski, editors, *Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics*, volume 8384 of *Lecture Notes in Computer Science*, pages 251--260, 2014. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-55224-3_24)
1. Kamil Figiela and Maciej Malawski. Modeling, optimization and performance evaluation of scientific workflows in clouds. In *2014 IEEE Fourth International Conference on Big Data and Cloud Computing*, pages 280--280. IEEE, 12 2014. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/BDCloud.2014.112)
1. Bartosz Baliś, Marian Bubak, Kamil Figiela, Maciej Malawski, and Maciej Pawlik. Towards deployment and autoscaling of scientific workflows with HyperFlow and ,PaaSage. In Marian Bubak, Michal Turala, and Kazimierz Wiatr, editors, *CGW workshop\'14, October 27--29, 2014, Kraków, Poland*, pages 51--52, Kraków, Poland, 2014. Academic Computer Centre CYFRONET AGH.
1. Bartosz Baliś, Marian Bubak, Kamil Figiela, Maciej Malawski, and Maciej Pawlik. Rapid development and deployment of scientific workflows with HyperFlow. In Marian Bubak, Michal Turala, and Kazimierz Wiatr, editors, *CGW workshop\'15, October 26--28, 2015 Kraków, Poland*, pages 35--36, Kraków, Poland, 2015. Academic Computer Centre CYFRONET AGH.
1. Kamil Figiela, Wojciech Daniło, and Adam Szlachta. Towards efficient visual programming for science. In Marian Bubak, Michal Turala, and Kazimierz Wiatr, editors, *CGW workshop\'15, October 26--28, 2015 Kraków, Poland*, pages 91--92, Kraków, Poland, 2015. Academic Computer Centre CYFRONET AGH.
1. Bartosz Balis, Kamil Figiela, Maciej Malawski, Maciej Pawlik, and Marian Bubak. A lightweight approach for deployment of scientific workflows in cloud infrastructures. In Roman Wyrzykowski, Ewa Deelman, Jack Dongarra, Konrad Karczewski, Jacek Kitowski, and Kazimierz Wiatr, editors, *Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics*, volume 9573 of *Lecture Notes in Computer Science*, pages 281--290. Springer, 2016. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-32149-3_27)
1. Tomasz Dziok, Kamil Figiela, and Maciej Malawski. Adaptive multi-level workflow scheduling with uncertain task estimates. In Roman Wyrzykowski, Ewa Deelman, Jack Dongarra, Konrad Karczewski, Jacek Kitowski, and Kazimierz Wiatr, editors, *Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics*, volume 9574 of *Lecture Notes in Computer Science*, pages 90--100. Springer, 2016. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-32152-3_9)
1. Bartosz Balis, Kamil Figiela, Maciej Malawski, and Konrad Jopek. Leveraging workflows and clouds for a multi-frontal solver for finite element meshes. *Procedia Computer Science*, 51:944--953, 2015. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2015.05.230)
1. Maciej Malawski, Kamil Figiela, Marian Bubak, Ewa Deelman, and Jarek Nabrzyski. Scheduling multilevel deadline-constrained scientific workflows on clouds based on cost optimization. *Scientific Programming*, 2015, 2015. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2015/680271)
1. Bartosz Baliś, Tomasz Bartyński, Kamil Figiela, Marek Kasztelnik, Piotr Nowakowski, Maciej Pawlik, Pawel Suder, Bartosz Wilk, and Marian Bubak. Scientific workflow support in the PL-Grid infrastructure with HyperFlow. In *KU KDM 2015, Eighth ACC Cyfronet AGH users\' conference, Zakopane 11--13 Mar 2015*, pages 49--50, 2015.
1. Bartosz Baliś, Kamil Figiela, Maciej Malawski, Maciej Pawlik, and Anna Rutka. Scientific workflow support in the PL-Grid infrastructure with HyperFlow. In *KU KDM 2017, Tenth ACC Cyfronet AGH users\' conference, Zakopane 8--10 Mar 2017*, pages 21--22, 2017.
1. Maciej Malawski, Bartosz Baliś, Kamil Figiela, Maciej Pawlik, and Marian Bubak. Support for scientific workflows in a model-based cloud platform. In *2015 IEEE/ACM 8th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC)*, pages 412--413, 2015. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/UCC.2015.70)
1. Maciej Malawski, Adam Gajek, Adam Zima, Bartosz Balis, and Kamil Figiela. Serverless execution of scientific workflows: Experiments with HyperFlow, AWS Lambda and Google Cloud Functions. *Future Generation Computer Systems*, 11 2017. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/J.FUTURE.2017.10.029)
1. Bartosz Balis, Kamil Figiela, Konrad Jopek, Maciej Malawski, and Maciej Pawlik. Porting HPC applications to the cloud: A multi-frontal solver case study. *Journal of Computational Science*, 18:106--116, 2017. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jocs.2016.09.006)
1. Kamil Figiela, Adam Gajek, Adam Zima, Beata Obrok, and Maciej Malawski. Performance evaluation of heterogeneous cloud functions. *Concurrency and Computation: Practice and Experience*, 6 2018. [DOI](http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/cpe.4792)
1. Dennis Hoppe, Yosandra Sandoval, Anthony Sulistio, Maciej Malawski, Bartosz Balis, Maciej Pawlik, Kamil Figiela, Dariusz Krol, Michal Orzechowski, Jacek Kitowski, and Marian Bubak. Bridging the gap between HPC and cloud using HyperFlow and PaaSage. In Roman Wyrzykowski, Jack Dongarra, Ewa Deelman, and Konrad Karczewski, editors, *Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics*, pages 432--442, Cham, 2018. Springer International Publishing.
1. Maciej Pawlik, Kamil Figiela, and Maciej Malawski. Performance evaluation of parallel cloud functions. In *ICPP 2018: Proceedings of 47th International Conference on Parallel Processing, August 13-16th, 2018*, Eugenne, USA, 2018. Extended abstract.
